Blogging.
So let's try to upgrade the resource of our virtual machine Powerade virtual machine so we click on
make it it's sitting of course after enabling the heart plug in this virtual machine.
When it is powered up.
So I bought it of this machine and chance to see future minimize to one so I can upgrade this CPO from
one to two because the opposite direction is not available in about its own virtual machine.
So we have the virtual machine in Windows 7 0 1.
Of course you need to have a Windows operating system that support the hot plug.
Then you can charge to do CPR and the memory is uploaded on your machine.
So if you go back to the virtual machine right there we have Intel Core E5.
Once you return you have have Ziggo bytes of the amount of rain.
And to know that when we're going to upgrade the spew out the memorial Right-Hand it will not to show
up in this sitting right here until you reboot to do Windows.
But for our windows server operating system it shows up directly for it was not form to Windows Server
2012 or 2016 when we needed to spew and run.
We see him directly into retail or from the Task Manager right.
We can see them they're actually updated in about it on virtual machines but for Windows 7 or Windows
then it really updates the hard work but it's not going to show up in the system into a reduced operation
system but we're going to see it in another technical writer.
So for example here we have the process should have only one from the device manager.
We have one spew as you right here.
We have the memory.
What is it the memory we don't see.
You know about the Memali But when we're going to upgrade the memory you will see much of it right here
that we have a new memory at it.
So let's try to do this one for CPI.
So for example we click on do CPR on chals door.
So you see we are one to two.
We does not have from two to one.
So for example we chose to spew we don't change any of those other option.
We click OK.
So the configuration of the virtual machine that is this when we get it will be finished we'll see the
new update.
So of course the reconfiguration of complex you back to this one you need just refresh to buck.
And you know we have to c.p.
So you see the CPI number one and the CPI number two of course if the physical has to have more we can
add them one by one preowned option.
Right.
Until you satisfy the needed of your machine.
So if we go back to this one and try to change it from 2 to 1 it is impossible it is impossible to go
from that up value to a value.
So we take in to see few if we have more CPV contrary to a 4 6 8 etc. so division machine get another
spew even if he is about it.
And this is one of the beautiful jewel of a dream where this fit because it is difficult to do this
option in our physical survival.
When you have a physical server with a protection system inside this it is very very difficult to of
us spew to the motherboard that is powered on.
But with our virtual machine it is very easy of course for the rain.
It is possible to add more rain to the server but it is impossible almost impossible at Ostap you to
do the physical server.
So of course you are not going to see any updates or in the task manager because this one need to reboot
to detect it.
But in Windows server it will show up directly into Task Manager and in the propriety of the computer.